Updating allow list requirements (#3893)
MicrosoftDocs/OfficeDocs-SkypeForBusiness: Teams/sign-in-teams.md

## Signing out of Microsoft Teams after completing modern authentication
To sign out of Teams, users can click their profile picture at the top of the app, and then select **Sign out**. They can also right-click the app icon in their taskbar, and then select **Log out**. Once they've sign out of Teams, they need to enter their credentials again to launch the app.

## URLs and IP address ranges

> Teams requires connectivity to the Internet. To understand endpoints that should be reachable for customers using Teams in Office 365 plans, Government and other clouds, please read the [guidance available here](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/office365/enterprise/urls-and-ip-address-ranges). In addition to this, you'd need to also allow access to https://ssl.gstatic.com.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Teams requires connectivity to the Internet. To understand endpoints that should be reachable for customers using Teams in Office 365 plans, Government and other clouds, please read [Office 365 URLs and IP address ranges](https://docs.microsoft.com/office365/enterprise/urls-and-ip-address-ranges). In addition to this, you also need to allow access to https://ssl.gstatic.com.
```
